Paternity test is here
Zhaozhao is my son
Who dares to touch him?
It was the first time I heard someone pretend to be a father
A long paternity test
Who will believe you?
Sunangge
I thought after you divorced me
Broken jar broke and found a stinky brick
I didn't expect you to find someone with a brain problem
Rotten nest stopped
That was amazing.
Husband, what the hell is going on?
September 26, five years ago
Royal Court Clubhouse Room 10.888 pm
Have you forgotten?
How do you know?
Because it was me in room 888 that night
Impossible. The militia I arranged that night was
So what?
Zhao Hongguang is still here
He is the duck ordered by Brother Sunan himself
Zhao Hongguang, hurry up and tell everyone
What the hell happened someday?
Five years ago, Room 888 of the Royal Court Clubhouse
I remember leading him to the room
Later
Later I can't remember
Then I stepped on your foot
And I went into the room.
So the man in the room is you
Yes, it's impossible.
Why not?
Could it be that you designed what happened back then?
Stop talking nonsense
No, definitely not.
Even so
Brother Nan still cheated on him
You duck
You stinky brick
What's the difference?
Of course there is a difference
He's the father.
Except him.
No one can take Zhaozhao away from me
That's great. You're really my dad
I don't care who the father of this little guy is
This is all evidence that your Brother Sunan cheated
I'm going to sign a contract with Feng Group in three days
The half-fork that derailed at this critical moment
Get out of here
My Way Group